remember this saturday november
seventeenth the 3rd annual national
unfriend day nudd you know if you're not
a part of the solution you're in a
second what's this all about it's Fred
Willard everyone
I didn't come for the applause but it's
very nice and don't forget that Jimmy
I'm serious I what's going on here I
mean I thought we were friends we are
friends well then what's all this with a
national on Fred day oh no no no no let
me get this off my chest you know
everything's fun for a laugh Jimmy but
there are millions of people named Fred
out there and I happen to be one of them
yeah and did you ever stop for two
seconds to think about my feelings well
evidently not because you're out there
telling people to on Fred which I mean
what if I start a holiday and told
people to on Jimmy how would that make
you feel uh well Fred it's no don't call
me Fred you can call me mr. Willard
until you decide to banish that forever
it's not that no I have had enough of
this you don't care about anyone other
than yourself well that is just not true
maybe you're unfamiliar with the many
contributions people named Fred have
made to the world no I think I am
familiar okay there's eight hi I'm Fred
Willard some very ignorant people out
there seem to be unaware of the
important roles Fred's have played
throughout history from the brilliant
military strategist Fred the great and
pioneering civil rights leader fred
douglas to the incomparable music of
Fred Chopin and Fred mercury the dancing
of Fred Astaire the sexy lingerie of
fred of Hollywood ooh la la ha and let's
see Fred Rogers Fred Flintstone Fred
Savage Fred Krueger and I'm sure there's
a bunch more I can't even think of right
now so the next time someone tells you
to unfriend maybe you should stop and
think about where we'd be without freds
and then tell Jimmy Kimmel toss stuffit
this has been a special message from the
American Fred cross
what do you have to say for yourself now
unfriend what unfriend like a national
unfriend day it's unfriend like on
facebook it's week is to get people on
friend people yeah I worry a little bit
foolish the third year we go FCS it
sounds like a very good idea thank you
yes sir if that's nothing to do with
Fred at all that's a relief thanks Jimmy
right well thank you thank you listen do
you mind if I hang out in the green room
they got some great little meatballs but
ya know yeah
uh I had no idea that was gonna happen